hey guys I'm Chris and I'm Christian six
days till Christmas and today we have a
ganondorf figurine we're to put on the
tree don't you get a long time ago I
like gamestop or something all right
we'll see if i can say come on you know
I'm the best of that you loser okay kind
of reminds me of a good or Vegas Shinra
doing this spread eagle um there you go
we got this we got this come on there
you go though he's in it no there you go
we got ourself entry for today Ganondorf
and we had a little mistake with the
ocarina of time but today's topic is The
Legend of Zelda Wii U which was also
shown at e3 2011 but wasn't announced
they said this is the capabilities of
the system we're to show you one of our
most beloved franchises with HD almost
photorealistic graphics and this is what
it can do but it's not necessarily going
to be the game so they might say we want
a different art style we want it in
anime style this time or something
something out of left field because no
one knew about you know scoured swords
uh preciousness the kind of painting
looking of that babe so what do you want
in a Zelda Wii U game I would love a
game like that especially I think
twilight princess you know a lot of
people hate on it but I think it's one
of my favorite games 8 on it yeah really
a lot of people that hate twilight
princess just because you know it was to
peace
it was too much they got green oh there
wasn't a lot of like thinking outside
but also a lot love for it though like I
wouldn't say that the majority hate it
but that I would like to see Nintendo
take that you know take that graphic
route I mean wait wait here and Skyward
Sword are amazing games so far Skyward
Sword haven't beat again I would
definitely love to see that style that
quality of a game for his own but i
would love to see a realistic you know
for realistic zelda 2 but i also really
like they did in Ocarina of Time 3d s
where they base it off the the art style
that was shown the concept art style
which was very it was it was realistic
but I was also a little bit cartoony at
the same time it wasn't it wasn't
realistic realistic you know gritty
which I thought that was a nice balance
because you know Zelda is very dark but
it's also there was this light um fun
meet comedy kind of feel to it too so
fun princess you know was very dark it
has comedic happy moments as well but I
loved how they made it look like the
concept art in for ocarina 3d s the
question though the tablet yeah that was
I was talking about you know the
graphics and the visuals of the game
here now as you want as a controls of
the go I think it'd be cool with the
tablet you know it's still motion it
kind of be like the I like the iPhone or
any other portable device except you
just move around in the gyroscope inside
you just kind of move your field of view
you have the map right there on the
screen you can even like I am select
with your thumbs if they place it like
in a good place because you and I both
held the controllers so you know like
it's so like yeah you know how close the
screen is so as long as you're wearing
you know finger protective like thumb
things on your fingers so you don't want
to like screw up your screen just like
oh I want to change to you know the bow
and arrow blop and then you know just
shoot it from the screen I think that we
I'm with me one of my favorite Zelda's
is ocarina of time 3ds because of that
dual screen it takes it makes the 3d
adventure so much more appealing it's so
much easier to use it's so effective it
makes the gameplay so easy you not to go
from you know your menu to medic menu
it's just right there you can press it
and you're done and you'll be so cool if
you have your map on the tablet if you
have all your things it's just like the
3ds game but what I just had you
remember a long time ago I told you
about how I'd love to see a legend of
zelda game like ninja style like if they
went back to like old-school Japan okay
are these shortly a tech demo and they
were like shooting the yeah this may
just start right what if we were like
the next Zelda game he had there just
are like ninja like cuz I mean as a kid
watching the power rangers when they
turned into ninjas I was like the
coolest thing ever well i mean i think
that would be in a cool item i don't
know if the whole game based on link
being a ninja he's at night he's must be
based on the hero so happy and i have
high man dreams or what i really want to
see and i think would be cool is that it
has the analog buttons as well with the
motion so i would really like to have
because there is the joystick there is
the the buttons and everything like that
on the tablet so i think would be cool
if it went back to some sort of analog
mixed with motion-control books i love
the most control don't get me wrong but
i also like playing the old analog with
the buttons and stuff like that like
that bashing the buttons its genetic
events yesterday button so leave your
comments down below of what you would
like to see um even story-wise um
graphics controls and story-wise
christian wants a ninja story where leak
becomes in ninja um nintendo knows what
they're doing so just leave a comment
down below of what you guys want to see
and Zelda Wii U I'm Chris I'm Christian
and you just be crisscross peace out
you